// Shared Howie Chatbot Assistant liability disclaimer, loaded by all three assistant apps.
window.NT_DISCLAIMER = {
  title: "Howie Chatbot Assistant",
  subtitle: "Terms of Use & Data Disclaimer",
  intro: "Please read the following terms carefully before using the Howie chatbot assistant. By tapping \u201CI Accept\u201D below, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to these terms. This acceptance is required for access to the Howie chatbot assistant.",
  sections: [
    { h: "What the Howie Chatbot Assistant Does", b: "The Howie chatbot assistant is an AI-powered data interpretation tool built into your NTangible experience. It helps you interpret Clutch Factor scores, NTerpret behavioral profiles, and Alignment data. It can pull data from your account, explain what scores and profiles mean, compare results, identify development areas, and provide data-informed guidance on how to approach conversations based on cognitive and behavioral profiles." },
    { h: "What the Howie Chatbot Assistant Does Not Do", b: "Howie does not make roster decisions, provide medical or clinical diagnoses, offer mental health counseling, generate external communications, or provide legal, financial, or compliance advice. It interprets NTangible data. All decisions regarding roster construction, playing time, recruiting, scholarships, and athlete management remain solely your responsibility." },
    { h: "Data Interpretation, Not Directives", b: "All outputs from Howie are data interpretations and suggestions, not directives. When Howie identifies a player as having the highest Clutch score at a position, or recommends a conversation approach based on an NTerpret profile, it is presenting data for your consideration. It is not telling you what to do. You are the decision-maker. Howie provides one input among many that should inform your judgment." },
    { h: "Cognitive Data as One Factor Among Many", b: "NTangible cognitive assessment data, including Clutch Factor scores, NTerpret behavioral profiles, and Alignment metrics, represents one dimension of athlete evaluation. This data must not be used as the sole or primary basis for any roster decision, including but not limited to: cuts, scholarship awards or revocations, playing time allocation, recruiting decisions, or disciplinary actions.\n\nUsing any cognitive or psychological assessment as the sole basis for personnel decisions may violate Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) guidelines on employee selection procedures, applicable state anti-discrimination laws, and institutional policies governing athlete welfare and non-discrimination.\n\nAll NTangible data should be used in conjunction with physical evaluation, on-field performance observation, judgment, and any other relevant factors. NTangible Inc. is not liable for decisions made based solely on cognitive assessment data." },
    { h: "Not a Clinical, Diagnostic, or Psychological Tool", b: "NTangible assessments measure game-processing capacity and behavioral tendencies under pressure. They are not psychological assessments, clinical instruments, or diagnostic tools. NTangible data does not diagnose, screen for, or correlate with any clinical condition, including but not limited to ADHD, anxiety, depression, learning disabilities, or any DSM-classified disorder. No interpretation of NTangible data, whether generated by Howie or derived by the user, should be construed as a psychological evaluation, clinical assessment, or professional opinion regarding an athlete's mental health or cognitive functioning.\n\nNTangible data should never be used to make inferences about an athlete's mental health status. If an athlete is experiencing emotional distress or a mental health concern, contact the appropriate support resources, sports psychologist, or medical staff. Howie will not engage with clinical topics and will redirect to appropriate professional resources." },
    { h: "Non-Discrimination, Disability, and Algorithmic Fairness", b: "NTangible data must not be used in any manner that discriminates against athletes on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, religion, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or local law, including but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, Title IX of the Education Amendments Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, and applicable state civil rights and anti-discrimination statutes.\n\nNTangible has not validated Clutch Factor scores or NTerpret profiles for the absence of demographic bias or disparate impact across protected classes. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of NTangible data does not create disparate impact or discriminatory outcomes.\n\nYou agree not to use NTangible data to compare athletes by gender, race, ethnicity, age group, national origin, disability status, or any other protected characteristic. NTangible data is designed for individual athlete evaluation, not group-level demographic analysis. Neurodivergent athletes and athletes with disabilities must not be disadvantaged by score-based decisions; low scores are development indicators, not measures of character, capability, or fitness for participation." },
    { h: "Data Privacy, FERPA, and State Privacy Law Compliance", b: "NTangible operates under a consent-based data model. As an authorized user, you are responsible for ensuring that appropriate athlete consent has been obtained for all assessments, that your use of NTangible data complies with FERPA (the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act), applicable state privacy laws, and your institution's data governance policies, that any sharing of individual athlete data with third parties is done with proper authorization, and that data accessed through this app is stored and handled in accordance with applicable information security standards.\n\nCertain states impose additional data privacy requirements that may apply to cognitive assessment data, including the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA), the California Consumer Privacy Act / California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA/CPRA), and similar laws. If you operate in such a jurisdiction, you are responsible for ensuring compliance, including obligations related to data collection notice, athlete consent, data retention, right to deletion, and opt-out rights.\n\nOnce an athlete is assessed, the assessment data is owned per your program's agreement. NTangible does not share athlete data with third parties without authorization. In the event of a data breach, NTangible will comply with all applicable federal and state breach notification requirements." },
    { h: "Minimum Age Requirement", b: "NTangible assessments may only be administered to individuals aged 13 or older. Do not request, facilitate, or attempt to administer assessments to individuals under 13 years of age." },
    { h: "Governing Body and Institutional Compliance", b: "You are responsible for ensuring that your use of NTangible data complies with all rules and regulations of applicable governing bodies, including but not limited to the NCAA, NAIA, NJCAA, state high school athletic associations, and any other league or sanctioning body with jurisdiction. This includes rules governing recruiting contact, permissible information sharing, extra-benefit regulations, and transfer-related data access. NTangible does not monitor or enforce governing body compliance." },
    { h: "Crisis Situations and Mandatory Reporting", b: "The Howie chatbot assistant is not a crisis intervention tool. It does not monitor conversations for safety concerns and does not flag or report disclosures of self-harm, abuse, neglect, sexual assault, hazing, or other crisis situations. If an athlete discloses any such concern, you retain all independent mandatory reporting obligations under applicable federal and state law, institutional policy, and governing body requirements. Howie will not engage with crisis content and will direct users to contact appropriate emergency and support resources." },
    { h: "Prohibited Uses", b: "You agree not to use Howie to generate external communications, including recruiting emails, parent letters, press materials, or any content intended for distribution outside your authorized circle. You also agree not to share, sell, or redistribute NTangible assessment data or Howie outputs to any unauthorized party, competing program, or third-party service." },
    { h: "Assessment Integrity and Competitive Use", b: "You agree not to coach, instruct, or otherwise assist athletes in manipulating their responses to NTangible assessments in order to achieve a desired score. Score manipulation undermines the validity of the assessment for all users and may result in account suspension. NTangible monitors for integrity anomalies but cannot guarantee detection of all manipulation attempts. You agree not to use NTangible data for competitive espionage, including accessing assessment data for athletes outside your program or sharing data with opposing programs without authorization." },
    { h: "AI-Generated Content Limitations", b: "The Howie chatbot assistant is powered by artificial intelligence. While it draws from actual NTangible data and validated assessment methodology, AI-generated interpretations may occasionally contain errors, omissions, or suggestions that do not align with your specific context. Always apply your own judgment when evaluating Howie's outputs. NTangible Inc. does not guarantee the accuracy of AI-generated interpretations and is not liable for decisions informed by Howie's outputs." },
    { h: "No Warranties and Limitation of Liability", b: "The Howie chatbot assistant and all NTangible assessment data are provided \u201Cas is\u201D and \u201Cas available\u201D without warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, or statutory, including implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, and non-infringement. NTangible makes no representation that Clutch Factor scores, NTerpret profiles, or any other output will predict, guarantee, or correlate with any specific on-field outcome, scholarship award, recruiting result, or competitive outcome.\n\nHigher scores indicate stronger measured cognitive processing under pressure; they do not promise wins, roster spots, scholarships, NIL opportunities, or financial outcomes. To the maximum extent permitted by law, NTangible Inc. and its officers, directors, employees, agents, and licensors shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of your use of Howie or reliance on NTangible data. NTangible's total aggregate liability shall not exceed the fees paid in the twelve months preceding the event giving rise to the claim." },
    { h: "Your Responsibility", b: "You acknowledge that you owe a duty of care to the athletes involved and that NTangible data does not modify, reduce, or replace that duty. If NTangible data suggests a score decline, behavioral change, or alignment shift, you are responsible for determining the appropriate follow-up using your own judgment, available resources, and direct communication with the athlete. NTangible Inc. is not liable for any failure to act on data patterns, score changes, or Howie recommendations, nor for any action taken in reliance on such data without independent verification." }
  ],
  acceptance: "By tapping \u201CI Accept\u201D, you confirm that you have read and understood these terms, that you agree to use NTangible data and the Howie chatbot assistant in accordance with them, and that you accept sole responsibility for decisions made using or informed by NTangible data. This acceptance is logged and associated with your account."
};
